After installing Rosetti in the last workstation and also generating the libraries for the platform.
Now it is time to run our first program and like in any programming language we start by the whole of
our program.
So let's see how it works.
For the start of your work example you know then you go to find examples.
Firstly we will find the hello world application.
So you see this is actually exactly the same as any program in C language.
OK so we include the rest library because that age and the standard messages that age and this program
is going to behave exactly the same as the talkers know that we have already introduced in the first
lectures of this course the darker application where the notebook publishes the messages.
So we need to include standard Z-axis thing messages.
We create a node handler and then we create this thing message and we see the creation of a chapter
publisher it's topic chapter and this thing has to be set.
So in the set up function we're going to initialize the node using an h the note handle that note.
So this is the method that is used to initialize the nodes are doing a platform and then advertise our
publisher and the publisher after doing the initialization.
So we're going to loop forever.
And every time we're going to assign the data feed of this the message the message Helu work.
But you have created here as a string of 13 characters and then we will use the method publish of object
chapter in order to publish the string message.
So the sleep message is going to contain always will work and will be published every second so this
is 100 millisecond.
And then you use an HSP once in exactly the same way that we do for traditional roles applications.
So let me get to arguing about our workstation and then I can upload this program.
So first of all I need to check.
OK so you have a connected right.
Right I'm going to upload the program.
It's not uploading now uploading is complete.
And the next step now is to actually see the messages in the Rose ecosystem so let's do this now.
Scott I mean so if I could begin with there is nothing of course in order to communicate between those
programs that they have uploaded into the army and are bought and dross I need to run the server application
Sodhi member the architecture of the city.
We have already now uploaded that our city will allow you to bring them into the universe.
And it's not sending massive messages to us a system which is landing here.
But what is missing.
We need to start the server application.
So we're going to start several application using the Python based implementation or serial Python package.
So let's see how it works in this case we can do and do research on a cell phone and then serial murder.
Right.
And then we have to specify what the port number to which the r.m.r is connected.
So he did have to slash the key right.
In our case it is
AC zero.
I'm going to use the same part number zero and that it is connecting set up Amisha contactor.
So it's really connected that it is judger publisher and then let us know.
Again Russ topic list and you find that we have a chapter topic.
You have Questcor blending in this workstation.
But some of the other topic gumps it comes from arguido.
So I can do to stop it.
The last 30
and now I'm receiving word.
It's the same message that is being sung by the admin not
grapples enduros topic for us to start with a standard message stream and the publisher is the serial
no data set.
No because we have connected to using the city.
So the now is the interface between the rest of the argument.
That is what you plug into our window plug for.
And also Rustico system that is running on this workstation.
So this means an additional platform can act exactly as a 00 you can see also some details about the
hidden word application and there are several more tutorials on the city Sestito the page in this video.
I have presented how to make a publisher in Arduino in the next video.
I'm going to present it to a subscriber in Urbino.